[DOCS] Refine docs about EA > Kafka > LS > ES (#1374)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/fleet-settings-output-kafka.asciidoc

== Kafka output and using {ls} to index data to {es}

If you are considering using {ls} to ship the data from `kafka` to {es}, please
be aware the structure of the documents sent from {agent} to `kafka` must not be modified by {ls}.
We suggest disabling `ecs_compatibility` on both the `kafka` input and the `json` codec in order
to make sure the input doesn't edit the fields and their contents.

> The data streams setup by the integrations expect to receive events having the same structure and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data streams set up by the integrations expect to receive events having the same structure and
```
